namespace = random

##BANDITS IN YOUR REALM##

	#bandits appear#
	character_event = {
    id = random.0
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
    desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.0"
    picture = "GFX_evt_burning_house"
	
	trigger={
	ai = no
    NOT = { has_character_flag = random0 }
	OR = {
	religion = Haelyn
	religion = Sera
	religion = Avani
	religion = Erik
	}
	}
	
	mean_time_to_happen = {
	years = 15
	}
	
	option = {
	name = HIRE_SOME_ADVENTURERS_TO_DEAL_WITH_IT # Hire some adventurers to deal with it!
	wealth = -20
	set_character_flag = random0
	random_demesne_province = {
	add_province_modifier = { name = bandit_lair days = 3600 }
	}
	        random_list = { 
                50 = { character_event = { id = random.1 days = 30 } }
				50 = { character_event = { id = random.2 days = 30 } }
				}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random0b #I will deal with this myself!
	trigger = {
	OR = {
trait = amateur_bard 
trait = novice_bard 
trait = trained_bard 
trait = master_bard 
trait = legendary_bard 
trait = amateur_mage 
trait = novice_mage
trait = trained_mage
trait = master_mage
trait = legendary_mage
trait = amateur_priest
trait = novice_priest
trait = trained_priest
trait = master_priest
trait = legendary_priest
trait = amateur_ranger
trait = novice_ranger
trait = trained_ranger
trait = master_ranger
trait = legendary_ranger
trait = amateur_rogue
trait = novice_rogue
trait = trained_rogue
trait = master_rogue
trait = legendary_rogue
trait = amateur_fighter
trait = novice_fighter
trait = trained_fighter
trait = master_fighter
trait = legendary_fighter
trait = amateur_sorcerer
trait = novice_sorcerer
trait = trained_sorcerer
trait = master_sorcerer
trait = legendary_sorcerer 
	}
	}
	set_character_flag = random0
	random_demesne_province = {
	add_province_modifier = { name = bandit_lair days = 3600 }
	}
	character_event = { id = random.3 days = 30 }
	add_trait = adventuring
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random0C #Ignore them, and they'll go away!
	trigger = { ai = no }
	random_demesne_province = {
	add_province_modifier = { name = bandit_lair days = 3600 }
	}
	}
	
	}
	
	#adventurers return victorious#
	character_event = {
    id = random.1
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
    desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.1"
    picture = "GFX_evt_son_asking_father"
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.1.a # Heroes indeed! They shall be richly rewarded.
	add_trait = just
	wealth = -20
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random1b #The bandit treasury was my tax revenue - hand it over!
	add_trait = greedy
	set_character_flag = random1
	wealth = 50
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random1c #Want to stay and court my daughter, strapping young hero?
	trigger = {
	any_child = {
	is_female = yes
	age = 15
	is_married = no
	}
	}
	create_character = {
	random_traits = yes
	dynasty = random
	religion = ROOT
	culture = ROOT
	female = no
	age = 23
	attributes = {
	martial = 12
	}
	trait = trained_fighter
	trait = strong
	trait = beautiful
	trait = brave
		}
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	}
	
#adventurers return defeated#
	character_event = {
    id = random.2
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
    desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.2"
    picture = "GFX_evt_spymaster"
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.2.a # Curse them! Hire another party of adventurers...
	wealth = -20
	  random_list = { 
        50 = { character_event = { id = random.1 days = 30 } }
		50 = { character_event = { id = random.2 days = 30 } }
				}
		}
		
option = {
name = random2b #If you want something done, do it yourself! Saddle my horse!
trigger = {
	OR = {
age = 16
trait = amateur_bard 
trait = novice_bard 
trait = trained_bard 
trait = master_bard 
trait = legendary_bard 
trait = amateur_mage 
trait = novice_mage
trait = trained_mage
trait = master_mage
trait = legendary_mage
trait = amateur_priest
trait = novice_priest
trait = trained_priest
trait = master_priest
trait = legendary_priest
trait = amateur_ranger
trait = novice_ranger
trait = trained_ranger
trait = master_ranger
trait = legendary_ranger
trait = amateur_rogue
trait = novice_rogue
trait = trained_rogue
trait = master_rogue
trait = legendary_rogue
trait = amateur_fighter
trait = novice_fighter
trait = trained_fighter
trait = master_fighter
trait = legendary_fighter
trait = amateur_sorcerer
trait = novice_sorcerer
trait = trained_sorcerer
trait = master_sorcerer
trait = legendary_sorcerer 
	}
	}	
	character_event = { id = random.3 days = 30 }
	add_trait = adventuring
}	

option = {
name = random2c #To hell with it. Leave them alone.
}
}

#liege sets out#
	character_event = {
    id = random.3
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.3"
    picture = "GFX_evt_carriage"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.3.a # Men, get in there! I'll stay and guard the horses.
	random_list = {
        33 = { character_event = { id = random.4 days = 30 } }
		67 = { character_event = { id = random.5 days = 30 } }
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random3b #Alright men, this is it!
	if = {
	    limit = {
                    OR = {
trait = amateur_bard 
trait = novice_bard 
trait = trained_bard 
trait = amateur_mage 
trait = novice_mage
trait = trained_mage
trait = amateur_priest
trait = novice_priest
trait = trained_priest
trait = amateur_ranger
trait = novice_ranger
trait = trained_ranger
trait = amateur_rogue
trait = novice_rogue
trait = trained_rogue
trait = amateur_fighter
trait = novice_fighter
trait = trained_fighter
trait = amateur_sorcerer
trait = novice_sorcerer
trait = trained_sorcerer
                }
				}
		random_list = {
        80 = { character_event = { id = random.6 days = 30 } }
		20 = { character_event = { id = random.7 days = 30 } }
	}
}	
	if = {
	    limit = {
                    OR = {
trait = master_bard 
trait = legendary_bard 
trait = master_mage
trait = legendary_mage
trait = master_priest
trait = legendary_priest
trait = master_ranger
trait = legendary_ranger
trait = master_rogue
trait = legendary_rogue
trait = master_fighter
trait = legendary_fighter
trait = master_sorcerer
trait = legendary_sorcerer 
                }
				}
character_event = { id = random.8 days = 30 } 
	}
}
}	

#guards go in, successfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.4
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.4"
    picture = "GFX_evt_siege"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.4.a # Excellent job men! Now bring me the loot!
	wealth = 50
	remove_trait = adventuring
	add_trait = greedy
	set_character_flag = adventuringcoward
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random4c #Excellent job men! You can keep the loot.
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random4b #Bribe your men to tell tales of your own heroism in the fight.
	wealth = -50
	remove_trait = adventuring
	set_character_flag = adventuringhero
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	}
	
#guards go in, unsuccessfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.5
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.5"
    picture = "GFX_evt_siege"

	is_triggered_only = yes	
	
	option = {
	name = random.5.a # Brigands and blackhearts! *charge in alone*
	character_event = { id = random.9 days = 1 }
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random5b #Curses! *flee to safety*
	remove_trait = adventuring
	}
	
	}
	
#regent goes in, successfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.6
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.6"
    picture = "GFX_evt_siege"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.6.a # For the glory of us all, men! Victory! We share the loot.
	wealth = 5
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_fighter }
	remove_trait = amateur_fighter
	add_trait = novice_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_fighter }
	remove_trait = novice_fighter
	add_trait = trained_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_rogue }
	remove_trait = amateur_rogue
	add_trait = novice_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_rogue }
	remove_trait = novice_rogue
	add_trait = trained_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = amateur_sorcerer
	add_trait = novice_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = novice_sorcerer
	add_trait = trained_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_priest }
	remove_trait = amateur_priest
	add_trait = novice_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_priest }
	remove_trait = novice_priest
	add_trait = trained_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_ranger }
	remove_trait = amateur_ranger
	add_trait = novice_ranger
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_ranger }
	remove_trait = novice_ranger
	add_trait = trained_ranger
	}	
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random6b #A great victory, I won almost singlehanded. The loot is mine!
	wealth = 50
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_fighter }
	remove_trait = amateur_fighter
	add_trait = novice_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_fighter }
	remove_trait = novice_fighter
	add_trait = trained_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_rogue }
	remove_trait = amateur_rogue
	add_trait = novice_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_rogue }
	remove_trait = novice_rogue
	add_trait = trained_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = amateur_sorcerer
	add_trait = novice_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = novice_sorcerer
	add_trait = trained_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_priest }
	remove_trait = amateur_priest
	add_trait = novice_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_priest }
	remove_trait = novice_priest
	add_trait = trained_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_ranger }
	remove_trait = amateur_ranger
	add_trait = novice_ranger
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_ranger }
	remove_trait = novice_ranger
	add_trait = trained_ranger
	}	
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random6c #"A great victory! The loot shall go to the peasants!"
	remove_trait = adventuring
	add_trait = just
	set_character_flag = adventuringhero
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_fighter }
	remove_trait = amateur_fighter
	add_trait = novice_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_fighter }
	remove_trait = novice_fighter
	add_trait = trained_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_rogue }
	remove_trait = amateur_rogue
	add_trait = novice_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_rogue }
	remove_trait = novice_rogue
	add_trait = trained_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = amateur_sorcerer
	add_trait = novice_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = novice_sorcerer
	add_trait = trained_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_priest }
	remove_trait = amateur_priest
	add_trait = novice_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_priest }
	remove_trait = novice_priest
	add_trait = trained_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_ranger }
	remove_trait = amateur_ranger
	add_trait = novice_ranger
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_ranger }
	remove_trait = novice_ranger
	add_trait = trained_ranger
	}	
	}
	}
	
#regent goes in, unsuccessfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.7
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.7"
    picture = "GFX_evt_siege"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = NOOOO_NOT_LIKE_THIS # Noooo! Not like this!
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_list = {
	60 = { add_trait = wounded }
	25 = { add_trait = maimed }
	15 = {   death = {
		death_reason = death_battle
				}
				}
				}
				}
		
		}
		
#high level regent goes in, successfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.8
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.8"
    picture = "GFX_evt_siege"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.6.a # For the glory of us all, men! Victory! We share the loot.
	wealth = 5
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random6b
	wealth = 50
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random6c
	remove_trait = adventuring
	add_trait = just
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	}
	
	}
	
#regent goes in alone after his men are dead#
	character_event = {
    id = random.9
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.9"
    picture = "GFX_evt_battle"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = KILL_EM_ALL
	if = {
	    limit = {
                    OR = {
trait = amateur_bard 
trait = novice_bard 
trait = trained_bard 
trait = amateur_mage 
trait = novice_mage
trait = trained_mage
trait = amateur_priest
trait = novice_priest
trait = trained_priest
trait = amateur_ranger
trait = novice_ranger
trait = trained_ranger
trait = amateur_rogue
trait = novice_rogue
trait = trained_rogue
trait = amateur_fighter
trait = novice_fighter
trait = trained_fighter
trait = amateur_sorcerer
trait = novice_sorcerer
trait = trained_sorcerer
                }
				}
		random_list = {
        80 = { character_event = { id = random.10  } }
		20 = { character_event = { id = random.11  } }
	}
}
	
if = {
	    limit = {
                    OR = {
trait = master_bard 
trait = legendary_bard 
trait = master_mage
trait = legendary_mage
trait = master_priest
trait = legendary_priest
trait = master_ranger
trait = legendary_ranger
trait = master_rogue
trait = legendary_rogue
trait = master_fighter
trait = legendary_fighter
trait = master_sorcerer
trait = legendary_sorcerer 
                }
				}
character_event = { id = random.11 } 
	}
}
}		

#regent goes in alone after his men are dead, unsuccessfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.10
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.10"
    picture = "GFX_evt_battle"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = YOU_PASS_OUT_FROM_A_BLOW_TO_THE_HEAD # *you pass out from a blow to the head*
	remove_trait = adventuring
	add_trait = wounded
	random_independent_ruler = {
	limit = { 
	is_landed = yes
	OR = {
	tier = DUKE
	tier = KING
	tier = EMPEROR
	trait = awn_succubus
	trait = awn_white_witch
	trait = awn_magian
	}
	OR = {
	religion = Azrai
	religion = GoblinPantheon
	religion = OrogPantheon
	religion = Outlaw
	religion = Serpent
	religion = Lamia
	}
	}
	character_event = { id = random.12 }
	}
	}
	
	}
	
#regent goes in alone after his men are dead, successfully#
	character_event = {
    id = random.11
    title = BANDITS # Bandits
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.11"
    picture = "GFX_evt_battle"

	is_triggered_only = yes	
	
	option = {
	name = HAH_MEN_YOU_ARE_AVENGED # Hah! Men - you are avenged!
	remove_trait = adventuring
	random_demesne_province = {
	limit = { has_province_modifier = bandit_lair }
	remove_province_modifier = bandit_lair 
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_fighter }
	remove_trait = amateur_fighter
	add_trait = novice_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_fighter }
	remove_trait = novice_fighter
	add_trait = trained_fighter
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_rogue }
	remove_trait = amateur_rogue
	add_trait = novice_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_rogue }
	remove_trait = novice_rogue
	add_trait = trained_rogue
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = amateur_sorcerer
	add_trait = novice_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_sorcerer }
	remove_trait = novice_sorcerer
	add_trait = trained_sorcerer
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_priest }
	remove_trait = amateur_priest
	add_trait = novice_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_priest }
	remove_trait = novice_priest
	add_trait = trained_priest
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = amateur_ranger }
	remove_trait = amateur_ranger
	add_trait = novice_ranger
	}
	if = {
	limit = { trait = novice_ranger }
	remove_trait = novice_ranger
	add_trait = trained_ranger
	}	
	}
	}
	
#Evil ruler gets offer to buy noble#
	character_event = {
    id = random.12
    title = OUTLAWS_OFFER_YOU_A_DEAL # Outlaws offer you a Deal
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.12"
    picture = "GFX_evt_into_the_dungeon"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.12.a # A most excellent proposition. Throw him in the cells!
	wealth = -10
	FROM = { character_event = { id = random.13 days = 2 } }
	}
	
	option = {
	trigger = { ai = no }
	name = random12b #Not interested...
	}
	}
	
#ruler is imprisoned#
	character_event = {
    id = random.13
    title = PRISON # Prison
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.13"
    picture = "GFX_evt_into_the_dungeon"

	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = I_HOPE_ITS_NOT_THE_GORGONS_REALM # I hope it's not the Gorgon's realm!
	imprison = FROM
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random13b #"I'll get out... and when I do..."
	imprison = FROM
	}
	}

#If you seized the adventurer's loot, they come back later#

	character_event = {
    id = random.14
    title = YOUR_TREASURY # Your Treasury
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.14"
    picture = "GFX_evt_jugglers"
	
	trigger = {
	has_character_flag = random1
	age = 15
	}
	
	mean_time_to_happen = {
	days = 90
	}
	
	option = {
	name = WWHAT_SEIZE_THEM_CLOSE_THE_GATES # W-what? Seize them! Close the gates!
	clr_character_flag = random1
	 random_list = { 
           50 = { character_event = { id = random.15 } }
		   50 = { character_event = { id = random.16 } }
				}
	wealth = -30
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random14c #"DAMNIT"
	clr_character_flag = random1
	wealth = -30
	}
	
	}
	#adventurers are caught#
	character_event = {
    id = random.15
    title = CAUGHT # Caught!
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.15"
    picture = "GFX_evt_into_the_dungeon"
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random.15.a # I'll decide what to do with them later...
	wealth = 30
	create_character = {
	random_traits = yes
	dynasty = random
	religion = ROOT
	culture = ROOT
	female = no
	age = 23
	attributes = {
	martial = 12
	}
	trait = trained_fighter
	trait = strong
	trait = beautiful
	trait = brave
		}	
	new_character = {
	imprison = yes
	}
	create_character = {
	random_traits = yes
	dynasty = random
	religion = ROOT
	culture = ROOT
	female = no
	age = 28
	trait = trained_mage
	trait = genius
	trait = ambitious
	trait = bloodline_vorynn
	trait = bloodline_tainted
		}
	new_character = {
	imprison = yes
	}	
	create_character = {
	random_traits = yes
	dynasty = random
	religion = Sera
	culture = Halfling
	female = yes
	age = 31
	trait = trained_rogue
	trait = greedy
	trait = quick
	trait = halfling
		}	
	new_character = {
	imprison = yes
	}	
	create_character = {
	random_traits = yes
	dynasty = random
	religion = Outlaw
	culture = Dwarven
	female = no
	age = 55
	trait = trained_fighter
	trait = greedy
	trait = strong
	trait = dwarven
		}	
	new_character = {
	imprison = yes
	}
	}
	
	}
	
	#adventurers escape#
	character_event = {
    id = random.16
    title = THEY_ESCAPE # They escape!
	desc = "EVTDESCRANDOM.16"
    picture = "GFX_evt_peasants"
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
	name = random16a #"Unacceptable!"
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random16b #"They win.. this round..."
	}
	
	option = {
	name = random16c #"Put a price on their heads. 20 gold bars!"
	}
	
	}